add: intogen recipes (#8)
FerriolCalvet/containers: README.md

> # BBGLab Containers Repository

Author: @FerriolCalvet can you give a quick look at this file and approve or not the content? 

I ran copilot on the codebase and let it do the Readme, I changed and added some info, but some containers used in deepcsa I am not super aware of their use. It would be nice if you could review it. Thanks!!

Reviewer: as a general comment maybe you could add some more explicit mention to the dockerhub of the lab where people can find these containers, I see it is in the badge thing but maybe you could also make it more explicit elsewhere.

all good with the rest, and we probably need some cleaning of containers at least of the ones that are not used any more

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Custom-blue.svg)](LICENSE)
[![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-Enabled-2496ED?logo=docker)](https://hub.docker.com/u/bbglab)

A curated collection of Docker containers for cancer genomics, mutation analysis, and bioinformatics workflows. This repository provides reproducible, containerized environments for various computational biology tools used in cancer research and genomic analysis.

## Table of Contents

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Container Categories](#container-categories)
- [Quick Start](#quick-start)
- [Usage Guide](#usage-guide)
- [Development](#development)
- [Contributing](#contributing)

## Overview

This repository contains Docker container recipes for a comprehensive suite of bioinformatics tools, primarily focused on:

> - **Cancer Driver Detection**: Statistical methods to identify genes under positive selection
> - **Mutational Signature Analysis**: Tools for extracting and analyzing mutational signatures
> - **Mutation Rate Estimation**: Statistical frameworks for mutation rate modeling
> - **Genomic Analysis**: Various utilities for processing and analyzing genomic data
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Cancer Driver Detection**: Statistical methods to identify genes under positive selection
- **Core Tools for somatic mutations analysis**: Basic tools for the processing of somatic mutations and performing basic analysis
- **Mutational Signature Analysis**: Tools for extracting and analyzing mutational signatures
- **Mutation and Genomic Analysis**: Various utilities for processing and analyzing genomic data

```

- Easy integration into computational workflows
- Support for both Docker and Singularity runtimes

## Container Categories

### Cancer Driver Discovery

- **intogen/** - Containers used in intogen pipeline:
  - `dndscv` - dN/dS ratio analysis for driver gene detection
  - `cbase` - Bayesian method for driver detection
  - `mutpanning` - Pan-cancer driver discovery tool
  - `oncodriveclustl` - Clustering-based driver detection
  - `oncodrivefml` - Functional mutation load analysis
  - `smregions` - Significantly mutated domains detection
  - `seismic` - Context-specific driver detection

- **dnds/** - dN/dS analysis tools
- **oncodriveclustl/** - OncodriveCLUSTL standalone
- **oncodrivefml/** - OncodriveFML standalone  
- **oncodrive3d/** - 3D protein structure-based driver detection
- **omega/** - dnds-like driver detection method

### Mutational Signatures

- **sigprofiler_official/** - Official SigProfiler suite
- **sigprofiler_matrix/** - SigProfiler matrix generation
- **sigprofilerassignment/** - Mutational signature assignment
- **mSigHDP/** - Hierarchical Dirichlet Process for signature extraction
- **musical/** - MuSiCal signature analysis

> - **siglasso/** - LASSO-based signature extraction
> - **hdp_stefano/** - HDP signature analysis (Stefano's implementation)
> 
> ### Mutation Analysis
> 
> - **expected_mutrate/** - Expected mutation rate calculation
> - **mutsperpos/** - Position-specific mutation analysis
> - **filtermuts/** - Mutation filtering utilities
> - **mutated_genomes_from_vaf/** - Genome reconstruction from VAF
> 
> ### Supporting Tools
> 
> - **deepcsa_core/** - DeepCSA pipeline core environment with genome references
> - **bgreference/** - BBGLab genome reference in-house tool
> - **bgtools/** - BBGLab utility tools
> - **biomart_query/** - BioMart database query interface
> - **o3d_stefano/** - O3D tools (Stefano's version)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Core Tools for somatic mutations analysis

- **deepcsa_core/** - DeepCSA pipeline core environment with genome references
- **bgreference/** - BBGLab genome reference in-house tool
- **bgtools/** - BBGLab utility tools

### Mutational Signatures

- **sigprofiler_official/** - Official SigProfiler suite
- **sigprofiler_matrix/** - SigProfiler matrix generation
- **sigprofilerassignment/** - Mutational signature assignment
- **hdp_sig_extraction/** - Hierarchical Dirichlet Process signature extraction

### Mutation and Genomic Analysis

- **expected_mutrate/** - Expected mutation rate calculation
- **mutsperpos/** - Position-specific mutation analysis
- **mutated_genomes_from_vaf/** - Genome reconstruction from VAF
- **o3d_stefano/** - O3D tools (Stefano's version)

### Additional containers

All containers not listed above are likely not maintained nor properly built and should not be used.

```

Reviewer: I made some small changes here mainly removing containers that are just tests, we should probably remove them from the repo...

And I also renamed the hdp_stefano to hdp_sig_extraction, can you make this change in the names of the folders?

Author: on it! Thanks
